in today's video I'm going to be
vlogging it's been a while since I've
done one of these so probably low rescue
anyways I'm gonna be answering a ton of
questions that I've gotten through
emails throughout the past couple of
weeks so I started out this type of
video but I want to answer your guys's
emails but unfortunately I've gotten so
many to the point where I just can't
answer them all in separate videos so
that is the reason why I am vlogging
today I'm gonna be answering tons of
your questions I am currently at Green
Lake State Park a state park near me is
beautiful out so let's get the vlog on I
guess
so one question I got was from Ben
Walton i'ma throw the email and right
here he pretty much asks metal hub
guards are plastic hub guards or metal
hub guards with the plastic sleeves now
I know I posted a video a while back
saying that metal pegs were awesome and
metal pegs literally saved tons of life
but the same goes with hub guards and
mental health guards are definitely the
way to go in my opinion or once you have
metal hub guards that has an outer
casing of plastic they get really
annoying if you grind a lot and here's
what I mean the plastic on the hub guard
will soon start to fade clearly duh but
when it starts to fade and when it
starts to kind of overlay and when it
starts really grind down what it does it
will rub up against your spokes and
it'll have an annoying sound and
annoying sound and it will sound like
pretty much putting a credit card to
your spokes and it will get really
annoying and sometimes they'll even lock
up your spokes and damage them metal on
the other hand it will do that but it
will probably take four years before any
of that happens I definitely recommend
metal hub guards over plastic hub guards
although plastic cupboards could be
cheaper and probably more weight
sufficient I would definitely recommend
metal over anything I've had the same
backup guard for like three or four
years and still running perfectly fine
but then again I don't ever grind thank
you so very much for the question button
at this spot where you're going to
answer one more question and then we are
going to head out and travel somewhere
else where the Sun isn't beating on my
neck and making me sweat to death I got
a lot of emails about BMX bikes and what
BMX bikes for you to buy and quite
honestly there's going to be a video
that's pretty much a top 5 BMX bikes
coming soon I didn't post it earlier
mainly because I didn't want to post
like four of the same videos in a world
I wanted to mix a vlog in there I wanted
to mix something in the series of email
question videos so if you guys emailed
me any questions about BMX bikes or what
BMX bike to get be on the lookout
because all you guys will be mentioned
in the next video so the next question
is from Ruben Derham he pretty much gave
me a ton of video ideas to film for the
next few months and I am super stoked on
that because if I didn't have you guys
recommending videos to me while I'm
injured then I'll probably be struggling
and
laying in my bed sleeping half the day
so thank all of you guys very very much
for pretty much giving me a lot of video
recommendations definitely going to do a
lot of those videos and if I remember
you I don't film those videos I'll
definitely shout you out Ruben thank you
so very much for the message alright so
while my emails are loading because I
have two bars of 3G right now while this
one emails loading I'm going to just
share some background information about
this like that is kind of eerie and kind
of creepy to me and that's probably why
I sound so very lethargic and so very
unenthusiastic so just last week a lady
killed herself here or a transgender
lady killer self here by handcuffing
herself to the bike and just riding into
this lake this lake is like 700 or 800
feet deep 700 or 800 feet deep 700 or
800 one of the deepest lakes in New York
and it's called Green Lakes because the
waters green is this 700 or is a 2/5
something crazy something crazy the main
reason why it's green is that because
all the way deep down there is a pink
layer of water there's literally a layer
of water that is pink that pretty much
reflects the sunlight back up and if you
guys know science very well when the
sunlight hits the bottom of the lake
that Lake will reflect onto the top of
the lake and it will cause it to be
green so that's why it's called green
lakes and that's why this place is so
freakin gorgeous so the next email is
from Dylan Sousa and before I answer
this email I just want to make a quick
note that I am not answering your guys's
emails I'm not pretty much emailing you
guys back because I'm answering in the
video so if in you guys have yet to have
your emails responded just know they're
going into video soon so yeah so Dylan
has to say are you trying to get
sponsored by any companies and what are
your thoughts on getting sponsored well
my opinion on getting sponsored is that
geez well I guess geez
I'm gonna try answering this email as
best as my human possible add agility
bit Kang Wow how's the big word and I
can't even pronounce that right I'm not
trying to get sponsored by any companies
whatsoever unless it's like bans that's
pretty much it honestly I'm not trying
to get sponsored by any of BMX companies
mainly because if you get sponsored by
any companies then you have to ride
their parts you have to pretty much wrap
them and I hate putting a label on me
that says hey
I'm sponsored I don't want to have a
company label on me and I don't want to
be labeled under any company unless it's
a giant corporation where I think I can
work with it and pretty much work along
with the company and have both of us
advantage from it known another no I'm
really not even close to being good
enough to be sponsored by any company
stay in a perfect world where I was as
good as every other sponsored rider I
would not take any offer at this very
point in time because I just don't see
myself wanting to rep another company
unless it's my own and here's what I
mean I'm going to be starting a company
a business clothing company a bike
accessory company honestly it's just
gonna be my own story I only want to be
sponsored by myself I don't want to be
looked over and put a label thrown on me
by any other company and I know a lot of
people probably are thinking otherwise I
grew up at the mentality of riding BMX
that I'm going to get sponsored one day
I'm going to be professional BMX rider I
want to get sponsored I'm gonna be
sponsored sponsors this cool thing now
growing up I realized that sponsors and
stuff like that is just not my type it's
not my thing
people have their thing it's not mine so
that was pretty much a short story sweet
type version of why I don't want to get
sponsored and why I will never get
sponsored at my riding school right now
but on that now we are going to move to
a different spot so I can answer at
least two or three more questions
the next question was from three star
uploads he asks skating have you ever
skated have you ever thought about
skating have you ever skated and have
any stories of getting hurt
BMX do you have any stories about BMX we
don't know about or a BMX story of our
friend are you badly getting hurt and
yours Ryan I hope you read it hopefully
for a video I hope everything gets
better so here's the deal
I've never skated how many put my bag
down it's way too hot I've never skated
in my whole life never seriously skated
at least I got a skateboard a long time
ago quite frankly just because to film
and help filming lines way better but I
sold it and I got rid of it because I
don't really ever use it at all
I never really skated so I don't really
have any stories about skating although
I can do like pop shove-its and Ollie's
like just the regular stuff from
honestly just picking up Gators
skateboards at skate parks and just
riding them for a little bit BMX driving
stores what BMX we don't know about or
BMX treviri friend badly getting hurt
three or four months ago my friend kevin
patrick hurt himself on his bike so bad
very bad
he had a skull fracture brain bleeding
and a couple other things that were just
atrocious and that day was a pretty
gloomy day he messaged me earlier in
that day where he got hurt and he was
like do you wanna ride today and I told
him unfortunately I couldn't because I
was working a wedding with my father and
he pretty much said oh that's alright so
then he posted a photo to Facebook of
him solo session and he was pretty much
at a skate park and solo session his
local he posted a photo saying so many
lazy people and say okay something
something like that and then literally
three or four hours later that day he
was riding with a couple of my buddies
angel and I think Timmy and a couple
other people continuing with the story
he left angel for a little bit Dory's
vivid he doesn't remember at all and
neither does anybody else but what they
think that happened was that he left
angel but right after he left angel he
was riding his bike back home or
somewhere somewhere and during that time
span of leaving angel for about one hour
he got hit by taxi that was literally
speeding a stop sign or a red light
something like that and he rammed on to
Kevin super hard so the whole entire
messed up thing about all this is that
when Kevin got hit
there was no blood anywhere on the whole
entire scene no blood at all but his
bike was covered in blood after he found
out and after his bike goes home and
blood on his cranks and some other
places and it's a type scary to think
about because there was no real
scratches or anywhere on his body but
what they think is that happened is that
he ramped on to the front of the car
while the car was going 30 and he was
going pretty fast too and he rammed onto
the front of his car flipped over over
his handlebars literally drove all the
way over the car and like I think they
said that he used his arms to protect
himself because he had swell bows to the
max and he rolled over and a vivid story
story short he got brain bleeding skull
fracture thankfully he's okay he's
alright but for about three days but for
about three days everybody was so
worried because there was no updates on
him there was nothing pretty much the
only information that said was that he
got hit by a car so I was really worried
everybody was really worried and
thankfully he is all okay so moving on
to the next question so a lot of
comments were erupting in my last video
asking what the hell was the scoop with
the beef with me and ex that I mentioned
a long long long time ago when I had
like 6,000 subscribers
something crazy like that and he had
like 20,000 left a comment and want to
have his videos pretty much saying like
oh I would never promote this type of
stuff on my channel oh this is horrible
why would you ever promote this type of
thing for BMX this just makes everybody
look stupid yada yada yada because in
one of his videos the BMX rider got in a
fight with a security guard and the BMX
rider literally punched the security
guard for no reason in the face
literally no reason and I pretty much
tell him like dude bye why would you
even post this video this is this is
completely putting BMX in a bad name and
I honestly if I were you I'd just delete
it
he pretty much replied to me saying he
pretty much said get out of here with
your corny Channel and from there I
thought wow this is real professional
this guy and second I thought well you
know someone some lose if he wants to
keep it up on his channel I'm not gonna
care that much but then he went on my
channel and he started looking at all my
videos and a long time ago I posted a
best-of Stevie Churchill edit he found
that video and then he gave me a
copyright strike because half of the
filming and that was from him and I
literally posted it in the description
below that
none of those clips and film IB and none
of those videos were affiliate of me
but anyways he'd copyright it and I got
a copyright strike but thankfully we
talked to that over email and now he's
doing very good and I'm so super stoked
on that and hopefully one day me and him
can meet up and collab dang it okay
alright well well there's absolutely no
way for me to carry my camera bag
without it having one strap and almost
falling off my shoulder
that was great
I have a food comic going on I have a
food baby babes growing it's real
healthy so far anyways before we get in
the car I have to say something real
quick I have a rumor Brian did you hear
the rumor about butter you heard it yeah
all right good to be probably shouldn't
spread it yo Brian why was 6 afraid of 7
7 8 9
why did the yogurt go to the art exhibit
because it's cultured
at the back of my car yeah how the
plugging music in a second but first
dude yeah did you hear about the sense
of burglar huh
he takes things real personally mm-hmm
like there's a door just take it out
like where do you call and unpredictable
out-of-control photographer no a loose
cannon where did Mary go after the
explosion everywhere good try what do
you call crystal-clear urine 1080p all
right guys so we just arrived to the
next area of location I think what we're
going to do is we're going to go on the
nature trails and we're pretty much
going to film artsy vlog stuff is it a
playground and what about it
stuff and you know where'd you learn
that no clue Prabhas amasian you're
right
that's sick good stuff if you guys wanna
check out Brian his Instagram will be
posted somewhere in this video he
doesn't post a single photo ever but
maybe he will one day maybe one day
maybe one day we're home but I think I
need to show you guys something that
right there is such a strange thing we
are back at my house right now and I'm
going to end this video off right here
because I have to get editing this video
so I could post it tomorrow at 12 p.m.
on the dot Easter time that's what I
usually post but if not I'll post like
later on the day around like 5 or 6 or
something like that if you guys liked
anybody this video make sure you drop
like jump subscribe drop anything and
everything you can to support this
channel thank you guys so very much for
watching and I promise in some point
this week or next week there's going to
be bike riding a lot of it so stay tuned
for that I'll see you guys in the next
video peace